Tickets this way
for the Chatsworth Express!
Come and watch pikeys making a mess
of the lives they were given by
'im upstairs...
And kids they're convinced
aren't actually theirs.
Wicked!
Piss off!
What sounds on Earth
could ever replace
kids needing money
or wives in your face?
Cos this, people reckon -
me included -
is why pubs and drugs
were kindly invented...
To calm us all down
and stop us going mental.
These are Chatsworth Estate's
basic essentials.
We are worth every penny
for grinding your axes...
You sit on our head,
but... you pay the taxes.
CHEERING
Imagine Britain
without Chatsworth buccaneers
who'd come on your face
for the price of a beer, eh?
Eh!
Make poverty history.
Cheaper drugs now!
Make poverty history!
CHUCKLES
Scatter! Party!
(Mandy) 'One minute you're hanging out
on street corners, shortest skirt,
'glossiest lips, hoping boys
will notice, never mind talk.
'Next minute, you're stuck in
watching your mates go on
'about their fucked-up love lives
and Jeremy Kyle,
'trying to come to terms
with the fact
'that you've got priorities
and stretch marks.
'Single parents, the bane of society,
so they say. Root of all evil.
'Back then, a bottle of cider
and a bag of chips and I was anybody's.
'No such thing as dating.'
- Does my arse look big in this?
- Huge.
Does my arse look big in this?
What arse?
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
That one's mine.
Dad's gonna melt.
- Are you sure about having Katie?
- Of course.
I don't wanna spoil your night.
How could she spoil my night?
30 years.
MUSIC: Come On Eileen
by Dexy's Midnight Runners
Oh, fuckin' hell! Mormons.
Brewery do, Frank.
Gotta look my best. >
- Be good.
- I will.
Don't wait up!
Karen, where do you want us?
Eh, Karen,
customer complaints, please.
I don't want a todger dodger
pulling my pint.
Seen it? Fingers like dildos. Equal
rights for gender benders now, is it?
Have you washed your hands recently?
Oh!
REGGAE MUSIC PLAYING
Another complaint!
TURNS VOLUME DOWN
Too ethnic.
TURNS VOLUME UP
Fascist cunts.
CHEERING
Dex?
Hi.
You look gorgeous.
What the fuck
do you think you're doing?
D'you know what this
shite does to your lungs?
- Everything all right?
- It's nowt to do with him.
- It's nowt I can't handle.
- Chill out, Mam. Everyone's at it.
Not everyone's got a name
like Karib.
Magistrates are gonna love you!
Worse things he could
be doing, love.
At least he's keeping his head down.
- Who asked you, 'Iove'?
- Ease off.
Best way with teens.
Pull on the reins, and they'll bolt.
Fact.
Where did you get it?
Bit of weed! He's bound
to dabble at some point.
- You'd know all about that!
- Meaning?
If you've given him one
crumb of that shite...
You'd better watch your gob, lady.
I don't supply kids.
Where did you get it from?
Did you get it off of her?
Don't be stupid!
Can't decide.
I am starving.
All sounds gorgeous.
Is it just me,
or is it quiet in here?
Like we should whisper!
Yeah!
I had a list of questions in my head.
In case we ran
out of things to say?
Yeah.
Ask me something.
We haven't run out
of things to say yet.
Anything.
All right.
How come you're single?
A darling like you.
The early pit-bull
catches the rabbit.
Shane! Twat.
- It was an accident. I'm sorry.
- You're the accident.
Ever thought about running away?
Or getting a proper job?
That'd be an idea.
< It's always the ones you love
the most that get all the shit.
It's hard enough making
it look equal with two.
What are you on about?
I don't know how you
manage it with your tribe.
What does she mean, Mam?
All this! Insults, violence.
You must be the favourite.
Yeah.
Shut the fuck up, gimp.
See? You've gotta cover it somehow.
It's not fair on the others. Come on!
Enough's enough.
Give the lad a love.
Breathe a word and I'll break
your neck.
Yeah.
- Shall we get another bottle?
- Push the boat out.
Thanks, mate.
Two kinds of chips!
Yeah. It's bollocks, isn't it?
You can tell I've not
been out in ages.
It's not easy
when you've got a kid.
Yeah.
- So who's minding her?
- Mum and Dad.
Don't have to talk
about her, you know.
No, I want to.
Johnny's at my mam's.
- Who's Johnny?
- My son.
Oh. What's he like?
Hard work. Like I said.
Used to think people who went
on blind dates were desperate.
It's a bit different to
a blind date, though.
When I saw your picture,
I was well up for it.
What picture?
Oh, shit.
(Jamie) 'Mandy's worked out he's not
my mate. She's on the warpath.'
You'd better come home then.
'I'm just warning ya, that's all.'
I'm not taking all the shit.
It was you and lan that did this.
I said, come home! Jamie?
- Good night?
- Internet date.
- Why did you lie to me?
- It was Jamie and lan's idea.
- You told me he was Jamie's mate!
- We thought he was the best match.
Thought?
I'm having a limo party this Sunday >
if you're up for a
good night, ladies.
He was dead keen. Loads were.
You had like 20-odd hits.
Bit of PR to drum up business.
Desperate single parents. com?
What did they put?
Lonely mother of one seeks unattached
bore for nights in playing Scrabble?
Where's lan? He'll come.
Limo party, Sunday.
- Is he boring?
- You know what I mean.
Did you fancy him?
Irrelevant.
Ritual humiliation's dealt with that.
Lillian?
- What did they put?
- That you're great, up for a laugh.
Dex, this is Karen.
I'm sorry.
Shouldn't have lied.
I'm glad you did. Really.
Ha ha! Got ya!
You dick! You want a drink?
You're always welcome here,
if it gets too much at home.
Sorry about my mam.
And thanks for sticking up for me.
Twice as good as the shit
you've been getting.
- Yeah?
- On me, love. Keep it schtum.
Vodkas, please.
- Seems dead keen.
- Yeah, he's nice. I like him.
Let your hair down for once.
Upstairs is free.
- Go on.
- Ladies first.
Sit down. >
Uh-huh. You're going nowhere.
- Again?
- Yeah.
I need some water.
Can't handle your beer
or can't handle me?
Dex?
Wake up!
Dex? Dex?
Dex?
Jesus Christ!
She's fast asleep.
30 years since our first date,
you're still exactly the same.
Happy anniversary, babes.
GURGLING
No pulse.
What have you done?
- Nothing!
- Did you shock him?
- When did that kill anyone?
- What did you eat?
Steak.
- Peanuts?
- No.
It must be summat.
What's the last thing that he ate?
The E.
SIREN WAILS
You haven't?
I'm sorry. I honestly
thought he'd swallowed his tongue.
He still owes us two canisters of
Entonox from last time, the twat.
Dead to the world.
MUSIC: You Should Be Dancin'
by the Bee Gees
KNOCKING
Who stops a party before midnight?
She even searched my mates.
She doesn't half worry.
She's not like you two.
You're chilled. Dead reasonable.
< Proper parents.
Best film ever made.
The only place you could get
privacy then was the pictures.
And baby-sitting. >
That couple we used to sit for
down your road...
Complete tit-heads.
- And their son.
- Nice lad.
Nice?! Little shit
wouldn't go to bed.
That's kids for ya.
Kept interrupting.
Insisted on sitting between us.
Didn't you have to pay him off?
Thanks.
Enjoy the rest of your night.
Where were we, Tone?
THEY CHUCKLE
BABY CRIES
'I can't take your call, leave
a message and I'll call you back.'
< Fucking Jamie!
We're in so much shit.
We?!
You supplied it. It's manslaughter!
You gave it to him.
They'll want to know where I got it.
We worked our arses off for
this place. He can't go back down.
And what about me?
I can't leave Katie.
Your mam's, to start with.
You know, Jamie'd take the rap
for it, though, wouldn't he?
We've gotta move him.
TAPE RIPS
Careful!
Over here.
Ohh...
What are you doing? Get up!
I can't.
Come on. After three. One...
SNORING
What's that? >
He's dead to the world.
Quick, come on.
Hide!
# Sonny, the summer's gone
# And all the leaves are falling
# 'Tis you will stay...
# 'Tis you must go
and I will stay... #
THEY LAUGH
Sorry, babe.
His fault.
He said, one more pint.
Ohhh, he's full of shit!
What?
Her mugshot's
all over that website.
Billy? Get rid of the Es.
All of them!
We'll have to delete the e-mails.
He'll have copies!
...Jim? Yeah.
Snide batch. Offload 'em.
- Where's the rug?
- I put it in the yard.
Go and get rid of it!
Jesus!
You'll have to scrub
the whole pub down.
Been looking for you, mate.
- Don't touch it!
- Let me help ya.
- Leave it!
- I can manage.
I said leave it! It's not worth it.
Is there summat wrong?
Does it look like
there's something wrong?
You need to get out more, mate.
Limo party on Sunday,
if you're up for it.
PHONE RINGS
Ohhh... This better be good.
All right, darling,
won't be a minute.
Morning!
Have you got your purse handy?
Hiya, love.
Do you fancy some breakfast?
Our Jamie's been on.
Bin them. Contaminated, apparently.
You're gonna regret this.
It's probably been six years since
it were cleaned under there,
so I wanna see some effort.
Sweat, if necessary.
Morning, Mrs Thompson.
How you doing, love?
Are you all right?
Good to see you.
Give us a shout if you need 'owt, OK?
It's commerce, Shane,
not Help the fuckin' Aged.
I bet she buys more.
What?
Well, who comes to the till
with one thing in a basket?
It's human nature, Yvonne.
No-one wants to look like
a tight cunt.
State of that!
You'll have to start again.
- It's a jumble-sale effect.
- What?!
Shoppers are drawn to it.
Especially bargain-hunters.
Oh, aye?
Yeah. It's instinctive.
People wanna grab. They don't wanna
mess up summat that's neat and tidy.
People will fill a trolleyload
with this lot.
- Yeah...
- It's another form of OCD.
It's like we all get
little bits of it.
I can't have a shit unless me
bath mat's at a right angle.
Wines and beers.
All along there. Make it look
like a right fucking tip.
You're good.
SIGHS
Arse-licker.
Really good.
Here we go.
Burn. Burn.
Burn.
Burn. Wash.
I bought you that.
Teach you to stick your nose in next
time you think someone's desperate.
Didn't think you
was desperate, Mandy.
Jamie...
Hey! This better not be one
of them job-share thingummy-gigs.
Don't worry, it's temporary.
You're safe.
It's an absolute disgrace,
this country.
That's news(!)
Have you heard? They found a body.
Gunned down in cold blood, poor mite.
I blame the parents.
Chill out, it's not him!
There's no point in going under.
I know, I'm trying!
People will notice!
They'll come here looking first.
So what if they do?
He left drunk.
He fell in a ditch.
I don't wanna lose you.
Hey...
You won't.
You gotta keep it
together for Mandy.
RETCHING
- Idea...
- Go on.
Stay open later.
I've got kids, Shane -
undies to wash, bogs to clean.
I'll do it.
Nick late trade off the garage.
With Christmas puddings?
Perfect for the munchies.
Let me.
You go get yourself some dinner,
if you're gonna be staying late.
She's fucking mint, she is!
Hey!
What's that programme on the telly?
How Clean Is Your Pub!
I can't do this.
You can.
Look at me.
I'll go to the police. I'll tell them
it was me. It was an accident.
They'll know you couldn't
have dumped him alone.
I won't mention you.
They won't just leave it at that.
They'll drag me in.
I haven't even got an alibi.
- Just think of Katie.
- I can't stop thinking about Katie.
< (Frank) Soften the blow of the shame
of having it off with scabby Cilla.
I was only 12.
She had curly teeth and
four grey hairs on her melanoma,
but after 12 pints of this stuff,
no fucking way did I notice.
Happy fucking days.
I'll get you another.
On the house, mate.
(I've got an idea.)
And that was the last time I saw him.
He'd just been blown out. Poor lad.
It was...
You can't blame him
for seeking solace
in the company of an ageing Lothario.
C'est moi. Cheers.
So I offered him a pint...
Good.
Oh, yeah, nice lad, if a tad naive.
He asked my advice on the perils
of the first date.
"Start as you mean to go on, son,"
I said.
"Only an imbecile would tell
a bird to stop talking,
"but to tell her
that her gob is a work of art
"while it is kept firmly shut
are the words of a genius."
Oh, then we left.
FRANK WHINES
Together.
- Then what?
- We went to the chippy.
Lent him a fiver.
We had chips.
He had gravy.
And then I walked him to the bus stop
and that was the last time I saw him.
Come here!
Again?
Work? For her?
I hope it's not performance-related.
She likes what I'm doing.
She likes... me,
I think.
Yeah. And, actually,
I quite like her.
Well, if you tidy yourself up a bit,
you might be in with a chance.
Yeah?
You have got a better barnet
than that Stan, for a start.
They do like
a good head of hair, them lot.
WHISTLE BLOWS
WHISTLE, LOUD MUSIC
What the?
WHISTLE
See you, love.
Got any doilies?
Doing a bit of a PR on Sunday.
Fancy it?
Where the hell d'you get it?!
Sorry... I'll pay.
Promise.
Keep him occupied.
Shall we put the TV on?
Plenty of fluids.
Right.
Fucking love you, Mimi.
I love you, too.
What's up with him?
A bad E.
Here you go, son.
That's it.
Fucking love you, too.
And I love you too, son.
I wish I was your son.
KNOCK AT DOOR
Chesney?! >
Shit!
KNOCK AT DOOR
Chesney, are you in there? >
Hide him!
Where?
Take him for a drive or something.
Quick.
He's gone out with Paddy.
Paddy?
Nothing to do with me if they just
bonded. Kids need a father figure.
Depends who the father figure is.
Meaning?
He'll get bored.
Get your hands off me nuts!
Come to me party if you want, though,
kid. Have as many as you want then.
I fucking love you, Mickey.
I'm sorry, I've lost my appetite.
At least punters
pay if they puke in the limo!
You look after him.
I'm gonna clean meself up.
It's all my fault.
Throwing up's a good thing.
I'd never forgive meself
if anything happened to him.
It's Shane! >
How did it go, then?
Fancy a beer?
Come and park your arse.
Fittest man on the planet!
Oh!
Not afraid to show
his feelings, either.
That's a real man.
I'd love to dance with him.
You need to eat something.
It's not your fault, you know?
There's so much
he said he wanted to do.
What about you?
But he's dead.
You'd be as good as dead,
banged up for the next 20 years.
D'you know what
I always wanted to do?
What?
Learn to play the guitar.
Piano, definitely.
See the pyramids.
Empire State Building.
I thought my luck had changed.
I really liked him, lan.
Are you sure?
Might be the last one I have.
- Gonna hand meself in.
- Why?
We've got a witness.
Call that an alibi?
Can I buy you a drink, Frank?
Christ, does
Dolly Parton sleep on her back?
You're being ridiculous.
Leave her alone,
she's got her own mind!
Pints, Karen. Couple of Es.
Your health.
My health. My God.
Just think about it
before you do anything rash.
Have done.
Nowt else I can do.
Chesney?
He's woken up!
Hiya, love!
Will he be all right?
He's awake, it's a start.
How are you, son?
Do you think he wants anything?
D'you want anything, Chesney?
Shit! Prolapse!
The chances of two people
snuffing it would be tiny, love.
Chesney?
Hey!
Are you with us, son?
Is there anything
that you want, love?
Any chance of a double
cheeseburger and chips?
KNOCKING
If you get this lot cleared away by
tea-time, you can start on them fags.
Then I might let you go home early.
Yvonne...
What the fuck do you think
you look like dressed like that?
My mum will do her tea.
Not fish fingers, though,
she hates them.
- And she'll need a bath.
- You don't have to do this.
Tell Mum no bubbles.
She's still got that rash
on the back of her leg, bless her.
Dex?
Have I walked into
the wrong party or what?
A ditch?
Round the corner from mine.
- It must've felt like shit.
- These dead?
Sometimes when I have an E,
it wipes me out.
So why do you take 'em?
I don't normally.
We were getting on so well.
I didn't want to spoil the night.
So what do you remember?
Just bits.
Remember going upstairs?
That's why I'm here now.
What time did I leave?
Can't remember.
I was pretty messed up too.
Were you angry?
That I wasn't there when you woke up?
It did seem a bit out of order.
So can we...
Can we go out again?
Think you can handle it?
I want you up front with me.
You can start on this.
That stuff's good but it needs elbow
grease, so put your back into it.
I don't want to have
to dock your wages.
Why me?
Shall I do us a brew?
Brilliant.
He's only doing this
to get in your knickers.
- What?!
- Serious. Look at him.
Do you fancy a biccie?
Owt planned for tonight?
- Not much.
- Fancy coming round to mine?
Yeah.
Ever had a threesome?
Me, you and Stan.
He's very open-minded.
Put the closed sign up, Hasselhoff.
What's your policy
on early retirement?
Shame about that, he were good.
It would've only ended in tears.
Nice move.
Don't you get any ideas.
All right. Thanks.
That was our Jamie.
Snide Es, my arse.
The corpse is alive and well.
And buying our Mandy a drink.
See you soon, lad.
I loved it at yours.
You and Paddy are top.
Oi! In!
Here she comes, back to smother yer.
Wrapping them in cotton wool
won't teach them.
The Art of Parenting by Mimi Maguire?
Rush out and buy it,
you might just fuck up your kids.
My kids aren't fucked up!
You wanna take a look at yourself
before you start on me.
It's a struggle for you, isn't it(!)
You try bringing up
two kids in a place like this.
His first words were, "What's a Paki?"
because of likes of you!
Hang on...!
He was beaten up four times
the week he started school!
Meena was expelled from
three schools for starting fights
before they came to batter her!
You think I don't know
about that shit?
One, I'd never say "Paki".
Two, Paddy got lifted that many times
by the coppers
in the first five years
after stepping off that boat,
everyone assumed he was a pub bomber.
She looked after me, Mum.
- He was ill.
- III?
But she fixed me.
Are you OK now?
Thanks for looking after him.
Do you fancy a drink?
Later. Bring Paddy over.
Might.
Think about it.
Same again?
Great.
Hey, Mandy. Is that that dead cunt?
Village idiot.
Frank Gallagher!
You owe me a fiver.
Do I?
Yeah. The other night, remember?
We left here. You and me.
I lent you a fiver.
We had chips.
You had gravy!
I hate gravy.
Must've been shit-faced.
You can say that again! Eh? Lazarus.
Ah! Come to Papa.
Mandy. Word of advice.
Our conscience is that
internal voice that screams...
(Just act like nothing's happened.)
...that some fucker might
just be watching our every move.
Not so dead to the world
after all, eh?
What's he on about?
Nothing. He's just a piss-head.
Come on.
Something's going on here.
In't it?
You can tell me.
We thought you were dead.
So we rolled you up in a rug
and dumped you in a ditch.
Sorry.
I didn't think we had any choice.
I was confused.
At what point did it seem like
a good idea to fucking dump me?
I'm sorry.
Don't be angry with me.
You don't get it.
Can't we just start again?
Put it all behind us?
We were having fun.
It's just too weird. Sorry.
Tell you what.
Maybe I'll give you
a call some time.
If he can't take a joke,
better off without him.
'Ey, Mickey. A guest.
Come in! Sit down.
Grab a vol-au-vent.
Nice carpet.
Help yourself.
Hiya.
Few beers.
(Mandy) 'It's harder for us.
Everybody needs somebody.
'Just got to get on with it.
'Be resourceful.
Makes us twice as capable.
'Got to find an upside somewhere.'
Hi.
He's cute.
Takes after his dad.
Been thinking. Could be mates.
(Mandy) 'So what if it's complicated?
'What's the other option?
Sit on your own all your life?
'Give up altogether?
'No chance.'
# You should be dancing, yeah
# Dancing, yeah
# She's juicy and she's trouble
# She gets it to me good
# My woman gives me power
# Goes right down to my blood
# What you doin' on your back?
# Ah
# Oh
# You should be dancing, yeah
# Dancing, yeah
# What you doin' on your back?
# Ah
# You should be dancing, yeah... #
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org